The declaration of the true registration about our third largest force of india.
So it is as I've introduced that we inform ourselves for the confirmed existence of our life
shuttle.
Today I have with me in the studio Mr. Adams, this is our life shuttle.
If today it had more than a quarter of a century of the English government service and
the field of transportation.
The biopsy system is our life service given in new name and 1960s.
It is composed of two very old and underpriced systems of the US government.
The Bureau of Biological Survey and the Bureau of Statistics.
This is directly to the today's.
Yes, this time we will talk about the service in one of the oldest signs of the English government service.
So we will be right back in 1971 because the year of the British Times,
the British Times is really popular with the German sports and the most effective.
And that institution, the most effective way of working in the first year,
is the biopsy system, the 1885s, that is the problem in the first year of the wild life.
The mighty bloodthirsty, the pyramids, the big game of life.
The Bureau of Autocomstines is the most effective for the first year of the British Times.
And it is a full-of-action.
Well, the work of the service must have increased considerably since the early days
as it was held in the previous sessions on wildlife by extended civilisation.
Well, the problems are getting a greater.
Special wildlife service is very consistent with problems with the rest of the most effective.
And the very likes of the C-Lion is very serious, that's the most effective.
And maintaining our silent face during the sports race and the patients are really developing
to this and this and this and this and this.
One of the greatest problems is the loss of wildlife habitat.
A lot of power, especially in something that is left behind in the drop of the sea.
Many of them are in the sea of a lot of different species and less than that.
And they are really, really, not that much of a problem.
Well, I can remember when some of the sport-tooliest things that exist in most of the time
are like the extinction of the special species.
I believe the situation wildlife services is very important for saving a lot of our good ones.
Yes, it's kind of very important.
A lot of power is also to the common sense.
Very great things.
That's in the drop of the sea.
That's one of the most effective.
The climate is engaged in large projects for the rest of the ocean and habitat.
And that's the most effective.
The animation of the rescue thing is backland.
The most effective is the impact species and other things that survive.
Well, what do you do today when the country is the one part of the country?
One more than I have shared.
So, it's effective loss that our basic activities with Canada and Mexico are designed to see
what the first-fire care of most of the snow is.
We have more sports and sportsmen in our conservation.
Most of them are more industry than saving a lot of snow than they are until in the past.
And that's the most effective.
Well, you're certainly right, Mr. Cigillo.
Like you have a lady in sportsmen who's cooperating every way to save wildlife.
Yes, they understand that there's a force that they're supposed to do and why they're supposed to do it.
The public waterfowl meetings with you and other services officials have conducted.
I've been rewarded from the point of view of education.
Yes, they have.
Public meetings with our other agencies who don't take care of the flyers.
You know, they bring a lot of value here.
That's necessary.
They can't do it in the last year.
And our own other states.
And then how the birds fly south along with these old flyers.
That's the most natural lake that we've ever used to be coming from.
People who attend these meetings don't put much stuff in the front of the bird.
And then we can move to the place where I'm so hot.
And then that waterfowl population is fine.
People have lots of lots of other infections.
And other activities.
So, well, I've heard some of the, let's count.
But when people learn that stuff, they see on their marches,
rather than waterfowls, such as common biolipetians.
They won't be threatened for clothes.
Well, we are talking about the flyaway refugees,
but what does the service have in kind of things?
All the French and wildlife services,
the Madagascar, the official application of partnership and the city.
We can see national wildlife services and the real professional wildlife services.
And in addition, there are two important firms, one of their biolipetians,
the Cacino, the Cacino, the Cacino, the Cacino, the one of the Alabama.
We call it the UN National Wildlife Service.
So, other things, the refugees must be major important in the management of their work.
So, migrating motorfowls on the phone, these may are an addition to providing water and grass.
They want to power out, so it has to bring good energy to the house.
How about this, to go?
Well, these refugee groups, together with the refugee groups,
the E.A. 501, the Maliya 501 project, the E.A. 401 stopman.
And already it's about the thousands of refugees who raise their lives
and that's no longer for a lobster, but a few words.
These refugees are in a very busy place to protect the motorfowls.
They do much better than they do at the same time,
they share the contribution, the production, the better management, the waterfowls.
But I'm aware of good funding around the kind of cities, refugees.
Three separate areas, besides the many sea water and projects that are clean,
that's not right.
Yes, Canada, in the fall when the sea water is being stopped by,
and the flood is being being dominated by public shooting.
Another project of interest is the kind of sea support that would be the work of the federal
505 actually at third, but in the unicorns and the sea,
that actually is primarily concerned with the raising of the stop.
Yes, I'm very happy with this, I'm very happy with this,
I like the fact that it's not really a country of water.
My other place is in the most multi-national area of the forest.
Well, the conservation department of North Carolina and Tennessee
also share the work of fishing, stopping and moving mountains,
national parks and that part of the country is going through.
Yes, they do.
And the federal courts are talking about the use of various nations, fish, stuff, and stuff.
But some of the recent and made available some $74,000 for a three-year expansion
for the urban capture.
How much of that will be used this year?
About 21,000, that's the biggest fanfishing and actually not a fish program.
Everyone has to be one of the first to have this year back in the 1990s.
And we also spend about $4,000,000 years here in the last year in an operation.
200,000, 300,000 stops to do each year.
Well, I find that about 183,000 yearly is made available to Tennessee
by the shipment of weapons, the weapons from the federal age
and wildlife restoration process.
And that's about state funds.
It makes $244,000 for the system and the Robertson government Tennessee.
But you tell us on this today about that work, its objectives and what it does in their life.
The Tennessee and the Hudsonrabbit, the Columbia and Thomas, is the one who has been holding on to this.
The latest market in the head in the country is the Batman's Manor.
The best wildlife business in the nation.
We've already mentioned the water carriers.
There's a few of them out of the country, and we're using the planning to buy a box of food.
So how about the farm game, Tokyo?
The Batman and others in the country are used there too.
The project is very useful for planning.
We have to be the motor for a road, the flying and plants and the equipment.
The good dog has to be active to be planning to help the world of equipment and games find a lot of things.
And the Batman Robertson government, Tennessee, is also a local concern of adults.
So the study is difficult to study.
And yes, the identity is one of them.
Thank you for your time.
You're not under the upon and doubt is going to be finding numbers.
That is very, very good.
You think that is not the good man of the city.
It's a funny measure.
You think that that's right for the hunter as well as for the dog.
Well, adult season is always good for an argument amongst hunters.
He wants an early season.
He wants to see a later season.
But do you think that the hunter has come in now and you should have the right to the bottom?
The third time the chance is on the next day.
So I'm going to take a look at the top.
We have to think about the top part of the better.
I love the students.
But I'm sure you're right about that.
We'll be looking forward to the result of the 10 days of studies to see what it recommends in a way of contemplation.
Thank you very much for joining me and this filter and this is the director's day.
And now, in the brief time remaining, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to make a brief report on fully and situation as the bio-tiered watching.
There is great confidence in official specials here in Washington that there's a full-eaten action in the field.
It's really a minor work there.
The United Nations organization will be successful, but it will take time.
Very soon, the iron color is failed us and we've been taken over completely by the time.
And well as it is required to get them in and materialize and to report them.
And this is accomplished by an expert.
It's stopped at positive times because the mixed-poly is invasion.
Then we'll follow the moving back up a North Korean Communist time in 38th Carolina.
Many of our parties here feel that this bill is confused before we unaction.
But of course, no one can tell this picture.
It has to be, and I've known it as full-entred for four or six months.
In this work, we all know that we have a problem in a Southern folio with a communist agent behind a spline
that we are doing sabotage, causing fear and distress among their Southern folio and brothers.
It's not the case, our problem and the fully-inventual are very great.
Our people cannot be alarmed over the order of the President, really, in order to drive, if it is needed.
The men who were fighting for real will come simply by my observation system.
Our armed services have been going along with a minimum of personnel.
They just left the territory, replaced our observation booths.
And they have taken from the stand and then taken here in the United States.
And they replaced these numbers by our armed services that we received.
Always, always, we must guard against the possibility of an incident by the stolen incident, with its full-rein fighting.
We must guard against the new act, by the communist and legal lobbyists and those that are Germanists or some other partners.
It's a question that at the end, being taken our state-guarding, that we would be foolish to do otherwise.
Even the boys out, knows that we must be prepared.
It is more and more evident that our local teams will never be superior, and we can still be convicted on law.
We still have that in mind and must be focused and ready.
The greatest service, our people to ruin, is the physical failure, which is the biggest concern, hopefully, along.
It's again buying up some modifits, which we must need at the moment.
And to be the victim of the war is still.
And now, well, instead of disdaining, we are not supposed to reward the days.
And we were before the invasion of the South Korea by the time.
Our perhaps, as Mike did by the days, we would just be supposed to go to the world before the people started in the North Korea as we are today.
After a little too long, and as well as the manner and just the threat of the United Nations as national powers in the Middle East.
At least we know that the massacres in the Middle East, they are full of spirits that will come along with an act of treatment of the threat we still have along with the people.
Let me say also that this lead has had the opportunity of sitting in front of the meeting of Senator Dan Sterling, who is the lead in holding hearing reports in general, sadly, and others who are not necessarily leading.
Not really, but I think it is a real life confidence that our armed establishments, I think maybe in the army, in the lean and the air force are in the very best of this confidence.
The last time is up again, and again, I think Mr. Albert M. Zayn probably experienced it yesterday, because he spent some time sitting in front of the seats.
Until next week, this is serious, and I hope you will be seen in this patient for involvement from your Finishes Office in our nation's capital.
Here and I, I will do it now.
Let's go on there, grateful for you.